Add documentation for deploying ChromeOS test extensions. (#12579)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/Deploying-chrome-test-ext.md

> # Deploying ChromeOS test Extensions to enrolled ChromeBooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploying ChromeOS test extensions to enrolled Chromebooks
```

> As part of validating any ChromeOS extention, run this process to force-install extension on our debug Chromebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of validating any ChromeOS extention, run this process to force install extension on our debug Chromebooks.
```

## Build the extension

### Bump the extension version

> Open ee/fleetd-chrome package.json for edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `ee/fleetd-chrome/package.json`.
```

> Modify the version field at the top of the file (Line 4 when writing this doc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the version field at the top of the file.
```

Reviewer: ^ I'm thinking the line may change later and not get updated here.

```
{
  "name": "fleetd-for-chrome",
  "description": "Extension for Fleetd on ChromeOS",
  "version": "1.0.3",
  ...
```

> Bump the version also in ee/fleetd-chrome/updates.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, bump the version in `ee/fleetd-chrome/updates.xml`
```

### Build the distribution folder

```
cd ee/fleetd-chrome
yarn run build
```

### Pack the extension

> - Go to chrome web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to chrome web browser
```

Reviewer: ^ This way we don't mix period ending with no period ending in the same list.

> - go to chrome://extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to chrome://extensions
```

> - Press "Pack Extensions" button (Top left of the screen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press "Pack Extensions" button (top left of the screen)
```

> - Press the top Browse button and select the newly created dist folder (ee/fleetd-chrome/dist)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press the top browse button and select the newly created `ee/fleetd-chrome/dist` folder
```

> - Press "Pack Extension" (No need to give it a key. It will generate it)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press "Pack Extension" (key name will auto-generate)
```

### Load the new extension to the Chrome web browser

- Open the finder app 

> - Drag and srop the ee/fleetd-chrome/dist.crx binary file to chrome web browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drag and drop the `ee/fleetd-chrome/dist.crx` binary file on top of a Chrome web browser window
```

- Press "Add Extension"
- Verify that the extension works

> - **Copy the appid for later use.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Copy the `appid` for later use**
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Run a local server to make the new extension available

### Edit update.xml

> Open ee/fleetd-chrome/update.xml for edit and modify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `ee/fleetd-chrome/update.xml` for edit and modify:
```

> - the version
> - the appid (What we copied from the extension in the web browser). This will only be done for debug versions. For production we will keep the original ID we have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The version.
- The `appid` (copied previously). This will only be done for debug versions. For production, we will keep the original ID we have.
```

### Create the server

```
cd ee/fleetd-chrome
python3 -m http.server
```

> - Verify that it works by going to http://localhost:8000 and see the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that it works by going to http://localhost:8000 to see the files.
```

```
cd ee/fleetd-chrome
npm install -g localtunnel
lt --port 8000 --subdomain test-new-tables
```
- In your web browser go to: http://test-new-tables.loca.lt

> - Click the hazard link on item number 1 (below the big button "Click To Submit"). from the new page copy the IP and paste it in the previous page in the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the hazard link on item number 1 (below the big button "Click To Submit"). From the new page, copy the IP and paste it into the previous page in the window.
```

> - Open ee/fleetd-chrome/update.xml for edit and modify the codebase to the newly created URL (in this example: http://test-new-tables.loca.lt/dist.crx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open `ee/fleetd-chrome/update.xml` for edit and modify the codebase to the newly created URL (in this example: http://test-new-tables.loca.lt/dist.crx).
```

### Deploy the extension using Google Admin

> - Go to google admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to Google Admin
```

> - On the left menu, open Apps & Extensions --> Users & browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the left menu, open "Apps & Extensions" > "Users & Browsers"
```

> - Select CHromeOSTesting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select ChromeOSTesting
```

> - Press bottom right + symbal then the apps logo (Quadrant with dots)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press the bottom right + symbol, then the apps logo (area with dots)
```

> - Put the appid we copied earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Put the `appid` copied earlier
```

> - change the dropdown menu to "custom URL"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the dropdown menu to "custom URL"
```

> - paste http://test-new-tables.loca.lt/updates.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Paste http://test-new-tables.loca.lt/updates.xml
```

> - SAVE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press "Save"
```

- On the right tab change from "Allow Install" to "Force Install"

> - SAVE (top right of screen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press "Save" (top right of screen)
```

> - remove the filters (The one with our appid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the filters (The one with our `appid`)
```

> - Click the original FleetDM extention. From the right tab, copy the "Policy for extension" json and put it in the our new extension in the same place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the original FleetDM extention. From the right tab, copy the "Policy for extension" JSON and put it in the new extension in the same place.
```

> - SAVE (top right of screen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press "Save" (top right of screen)
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
